Docs/#2210/db migrations postdeploy (#2211)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/languages/ruby/2000-01-01-getting-started-with-ruby.md

 <-- https://my-ruby-app.osc-fr1.scalingo.io -->
```

## Database migrations

To run a migration, you need to use a [post-deployment hook]({% post_url platform/app/2000-01-01-postdeploy-hook %}).

The Ruby application starts up before the schema has changed, but does not receive a query.

> As a result, if operations are started before the migration has been executed, the application may load the schema `pre-migration`, and so a restart may be necessary after the migration, however short it may be.

Reviewer: I find this sentence too long, hence hard to understand. Can you slice it in smaller pieces?

Author: @EtienneM Thanks to you about the review !

The content is not exactly the same, as there are specific mentions to Rails who aren't present in the Ruby page, but the note part is. I'll apply that to the note.

The best practice is to perform non-destructive migrations, where a column rename is performed in several steps, rather than an `ALTER TABLE` renaming a column.

A good example in `strong_migrations` gem [documentation](https://github.com/ankane/strong_migrations#renaming-a-column).

{% note %}
  Running a migration on an application that then crashes on startup can be risky, so the application must start without the database migration.

>   As we make sure the application starts before running the hook, if it fails, `postdeploy` won't be run and database migration won't be executed either.

Reviewer: suggestion: it's unclear to me what does "we" refers to
suggestion: shorter == easier to understand sentence

```suggestion
  Scalingo makes sure the application starts before running the hook. If the application does not start, the post-deployment hook won't run. Consequently the database migration won't be executed either.
```
